initial atc docs (#702)
algorand/docs: docs/get-details/atomic_transfers.md

Below you will find examples for creating and sending group transactions to the network in each of the available SDKs and with `goal`. 

> Also, This processes may be somewhat automated with the use of the [atomic transaction composer](../sdks/atc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip
    The following processes may be simplified with the SDKs use of the [atomic transaction composer](../sdks/atc.md).
```
